The following AI features are available out-of-the-box:
- Outlook
    - **View email summary**: View email summary enriched with sales insights from your CRM within Outlook. Learn more: [View email summary](/microsoft-sales-copilot/email-summary-premium)
    - **Draft email responses**: Draft email responses that include sales insights from your CRM within Outlook. Learn more: [Draft email responses](/microsoft-sales-copilot/email-reply-premium)
    - **View opportunity summary**: Get context from your CRM, such as the customer's questions and concerns and notes you and your colleagues took, and feel more confident and in control when meeting with customers. Learn more: [View opportunity summary](/microsoft-sales-copilot/view-opportunity-summary)
    - **View suggested CRM updates**: Update your CRM with suggested changes based on your interactions and insights. Learn more: [View suggested CRM updates](/microsoft-sales-copilot/suggested-crm-updates)
    - **View customer communication**: Get a chronological view of your interactions with a customer, including meetings. It helps you catch up and gain insights into all the activities that happened for a given opportunity. Learn more: [View customer communication](/microsoft-sales-copilot/view-customer-communication)
    - **View opportunity insights**: Get a consolidated view of opportunity-related meetings, highlighting risks and upcoming actions to help you stay updated without leaving Outlook. Learn more: [View opportunity insights](/microsoft-sales-copilot/view-opportunity-insights)
    - **View insights from partner applications**: View records that are related to CRM records and activities that are related to CRM opportunities from partner applications within the Sales app. Learn more: [View insights from partner applications](/microsoft-sales-copilot/insights-partner-apps)
    - **Share insights from Outlook to Teams**: Share key email information generated by the Sales app from Outlook to any individual chats, group chats, meetings or channels in Teams. Learn more: [Share insights from Outlook to Teams](/microsoft-sales-copilot/share-insights-from-outlook-to-teams)
- Teams
    - **Meeting preparation card**: See the latest information and out-of-the-box insights about the opportunities derived from your past customer interactions such as emails and meetings as well as CRM. [View meeting preparation card](/microsoft-sales-copilot/meeting-prep)
    - **View daily summary of upcoming meetings**: Get a single notification summarizing the next five upcoming sales meetings. It helps you stay organized and reduces notification fatigue while delivering critical insights. Learn more: [View daily summary of upcoming meetings](/microsoft-sales-copilot/daily-digest)
    - **View sales insights in Microsoft Teams meeting recap**: Get summarized meeting insights and meeting recaps to grow customer relationships and close deals. Learn more: [View sales insights in Microsoft Teams meeting recap](/microsoft-sales-copilot/view-meeting-summary-recap)
    - **Create Planner tasks**: Easily capture and track tasks that are discussed during their conversations. Learn more: [Create Planner tasks](/microsoft-sales-copilot/suggested-tasks-collab-space)
- Cross-app
    - **Work with Sales Agent - Lead research**: Get a comprehensive overview of the research conducted on your leads. This includes insights into the lead's company, recent news, and other relevant information that can help you tailor your outreach strategy. Learn more: [Work with Sales Agent - Lead research](/microsoft-sales-copilot/use-sales-agent)