---
title: Turn on conversation intelligence
description: Improve sales conversations with conversation intelligence using AI to analyze conversations and provide real-time tips and insights.
ms.date: 02/06/2024
ms.topic: article
ms.service: microsoft-sales-copilot
author: sbmjais
ms.author: shjais
ms.custom:
  - ai-gen-docs-bap
  - ai-gen-desc
  - ai-seo-date:01/30/2024
---

# Turn on conversation intelligence

Conversation intelligence helps sellers improve their sales conversations. It uses artificial intelligence (AI) to analyze conversations and provide real-time tips and insights. It also helps sellers create detailed summaries of meetings and phone calls including action items, positive and negative statements, and recap of topics discussed.

When conversation intelligence is turned on, sellers can see the [meeting summary of their transcribed Teams meeting](view-understand-meeting-summary.md).

1. [Open Copilot for Sales administrator settings](./administrator-settings-for-viva-sales.md#access-administrator-settings).

1. Under **Environment**, select **Copilot**.

1. Turn on **Conversation intelligence**.

    :::image type="content" source="media/conv-intelli.png" alt-text="Screenshot showing conversation intelligence toggle.":::

1. To edit the conversation intelligence settings such as customizing the content of meeting summaries and its access, select **Edit settings**.

1. Update the following settings, and then select **Save**.
    - **Summaries**: Control what kind of information is included in the meeting or call summary. By default, all the following options are selected.
        - **Show conversational key performance indicators (KPIs)**: Includes metrics such as talk to listen ratio, average pause length, and more.
        - **Analyze speaker sentiment**: Shows an indicator on the timeline when positive, negative, and neutral comments are detected.
    - **Access to summaries**: Control who can access meeting summaries. This setting applies only to summaries created by Copilot for Sales. Sellers may still have access to summaries generated by Teams.
        - **Everyone from your organization who is in the meeting chat, including people added later**: By default, this option is selected and is recommended.
        > [!NOTE]
        > - When you select this option, all participants can view all the insights on the summary page, even if the permission model in Dynamics 365 is configured to prevent access to specific types of insights. For example, if a seller is assigned a security role that prevents them to see sentiment data, they will still be able to see sentiment data if this option is selected.
        > -  If the access to summaries was granted to everyone and later changed to only participants or only organizers, participating sellers in the original meeting will still have access to its summary, even after you change the setting.
        - **Only users who have access to Copilot for Sales and were on the original meeting invite**
        - **Only the meeting organizers**: Select this option to let only meeting organizers access meeting summaries.
        > [!NOTE]
        > Other users, such as the organizer's manager, can have access to the summary based on the Dynamics 365 permission model in Dataverse.
    - **Other settings**: Decide whether conversation intelligence can make automatic changes to other applications.
        - **Save a copy of transcript to Dataverse**: Automatically save a copy of Teams meeting transcript to your organization’s Microsoft storage so that third-party apps can access them.


### See also

[View and understand the meeting summary](view-understand-meeting-summary.md)