---
title: Welcome to Microsoft 365 Copilot for Sales
description: Get to know Copilot for Sales
ms.date: 11/29/2024
ms.topic: overview
ms.service: microsoft-sales-copilot
author: sbmjais
ms.author: shjais
manager: shujoshi
ms.localizationpriority: medium
---

# Welcome to Microsoft 365 Copilot for Sales

Copilot for Sales is an AI assistant for sales teams to maximize productivity and close more deals. It brings next-generation AI and sales insights from their CRM platform into the Microsoft 365 productivity tools that they use daily such as Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Teams, and Microsoft Word.  
Depending on the following roles, you can use Copilot for Sales to:  

- As a **seller**, you can work more efficiently and improve customer experiences with email assistance, personalized sales content creation, AI-generated insights, and recommendations for next steps.  
- As a **sales manager**, you can empower your team with AI-powered manager insights and collaboration tools.  

Here's how you can use Copilot for sales to improve your sales productivity:

- Customize by integrating with **Microsoft Dynamics 365 Sales**, **Salesforce Sales Cloud**, and other sales solutions to get insights and recommendations tailored to your business needs.  
- Participate in Teams meetings and access meeting recordings through **Microsoft Teams**. It analyzes sales calls and extracts insights, action items, and more from the meeting recordings.  
- Access calendar events, contacts, and read and write emails through **Microsoft Outlook**. It provides email assistance, insights, and recommendations to help you close deals faster.  
- Read and write documents to prepare sales meeting briefs through **Microsoft Word**. It provides insights and recommendations to help you create personalized sales content.

Here's a video that gives you a quick overview of Copilot for Sales.

> [!VIDEO 233cbdb3-6610-4fbe-af9a-d402622d2c7a]

## Consideration

A [Microsoft 365 admin role](/microsoft-365/admin/add-users/about-admin-roles?view=o365-worldwide&preserve-view=true#commonly-used-microsoft-365-admin-center-roles) is required to [install and set up Copilot for Sales](install-viva-sales.md). Copilot for Sales allows administrators and users to access content and share data outside of Microsoft 365, including with third-party customer relationship management (CRM) services. Such data sharing is subject to Microsoft and applicable third-party CRM terms and conditions. Data sharing isn't enabled until administrators and users in your organization consent to connect their Microsoft work or school account with their CRM account.

> [!NOTE]
> Copilot for Sales is not available on Microsoft Dynamics 365 Customer Engagement (on-premises).

## License requirements

Copilot for Sales may be subject to an additional free or paid license. For more details, [see the pricing page](https://www.microsoft.com/ai/microsoft-sales-copilot?rtc=1#featuresandpricing) or contact your Microsoft representative.

## Role requirements

If you're using Dynamics 365 Sales as your CRM system:

- Administrators must be assigned either System Administrator or System Customizer security role to customize Copilot for Sales. If you're using a custom security role, [additional privileges are required to use Copilot for Sales](privileges.md#privileges-required-for-dynamics-365-customers).

- Users must be assigned either Sales Manager or Salesperson security role to use Copilot for Sales. If you're using a custom security role, [additional privileges are required to use Copilot for Sales](privileges.md#privileges-required-for-dynamics-365-customers).

If you're using Salesforce as your CRM system, see [Permissions required for Salesforce administrators](privileges.md#permissions-required-for-salesforce-administrators).

> [!NOTE]
> - If you've made changes in a user's permissions or security roles in your CRM, ask that user to sign out of Copilot for Sales in Outlook and then sign in again for these changes to be reflected appropriately. 
> - Changes in user permissions or security roles in CRM can take up to 15 minutes to reflect in Copilot for Sales app for Teams.

## Region availability

Copilot for Sales is available globally except in the following countries/regions:

- Myanmar
- Cabo Verde
- China
- Cuba
- Curaçao
- Timor-Leste
- Iran
- Côte d’Ivoire
- North Korea
- Palestinian Authority
- Russia
- St Helena, Ascension, Tristan da Cunha
- Syria

Sales Conversation Intelligence is currently available in limited geographies. By using Sales Conversation Intelligence, you affirm that you understand that insights and other data generated by Sales Conversation Intelligence service may be maintained in a data center other than the data center that maintains your Copilot for Sales service data. Your privacy is important to us. To learn more, read our [Privacy Statement](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=521839).

> [!NOTE]
> Copilot for Sales is not supported in Government Community Cloud (GCC), including USG, and Department of Defense (DoD).

## Supported languages

To see the list of supported languages, see [Supported languages](supported-languages.md).

### Related information

[Install Copilot for Sales](install-viva-sales.md)
