---
title: Share key email info and opportunity summary from Outlook to Teams
description: Learn how to share key email info and opportunity summary from Outlook to Teams using Copilot for Sales.
ms.date: 07/22/2024
ms.topic: how-to
ms.service: microsoft-sales-copilot
author: sbmjais
ms.author: shjais
---

# Share key email info and opportunity summary from Outlook to Teams 

You can share key email info and opportunity summary, generated by Copilot for Sales, from Outlook to any individual chats, group chats, meetings or channels in Teams. Whether you're preparing for a meeting, updating your team on a new opportunity, or sharing crucial email details, this feature ensures that all relevant information is easily accessible within your team's preferred communication platform. This reduces the chances of miscommunication and ensures that everyone stays informed.

## License requirements

- Email insights sharing: Requires a standard Copilot for Sales license.
- Opportunity summary sharing: Requires a standard or premium Copilot for Sales license.

## Share insights from Outlook to Teams

1. Open the Copilot for Sales side pane in Outlook.

1. Navigate to the **Key email info** or **Opportunity summary** card and scroll down to the bottom of the card.

1. Select **Share** > **Share to Teams**.

   :::image type="content" source="media/outlook-teams-share.png" alt-text="Screenshot of the Share option in Copilot for Sales side pane.":::

1. In the search bar, enter the name of the recipient, group, or the channel where you want to share the information.

1. (Optional) Type a message to accompany the shared information. For example, you can provide context for sharing the information. 

1. (Optional) Edit content in the **Key email info** card, if you'd like to highlight specific details or add more context. Note that content in the **Opportunity summary** card is not editable.

   You can preview the post at this point. 

1. Select **Share**.  

   :::image type="content" source="media/outlook-teams-share-preview.png" alt-text="Screenshot of the message preview in Copilot for Sales side pane.":::

   In the confirmation message that appears, select **Open in Teams** to navigate to the shared post on Teams. The post includes the key email info or the opportunity summary, along with the message you added.

    :::image type="content" source="media/outlook-teams-share-post.png" alt-text="Screenshot of the post shared on Teams.":::

### See also

[View and save email summary to CRM](view-save-email-summary-crm.md)<br>
[View opportunity summary](view-opportunity-summary.md)